Mushroom Cheese Omelette Recipe – Since Mushroom is one of my favorite veggie, I try to incorporate it in many recipes. I like the combination of Mushrooms with Cheese and this is one recipe where I can add both. The taste and flavor of the melted cheese with the soft mushrooms in the fried eggs is awesome.

You could have mushroom cheese omelette as your breakfast, brunch and also in between meals. Its quick, easy and a tasty recipe to make. Cheese is optional. If you like cheese, you can use it in the recipe. This recipe is for 1-2 servings.

You will have to cook the mushrooms and then incorporate it in the beaten eggs. I have also made Mushroom Omelette with mushrooms added to the beaten egg and fried like a regular omelette. But in this case you have to chop the mushrooms really fine, so that they get cooked with the eggs.


Ingredients for Mushroom Omlette Recipe:

2 eggs
3-4 fresh button mushrooms
1/2 onion
1/2 tsp pepper powder
1 tsp mixed herbs
1-2 tbsp butter or oil
1 tsp salt
1-2 tbsp grated or chopped cheese



Lets Start Step by Step Mushroom Omelette Recipe:


Chop the onions. Finely chop the mushrooms, so that it takes less time to cook.

Break the eggs. Beat the eggs well. Add 1/2 tsp salt and keep aside.

In a pan, melt the butter or heat oil. Add in the onions and mushrooms with the remaining 1/2 tsp salt.

Saute for 2-3 mins till both the onions and mushrooms get cooked. Add the dry mixed herbs and pepper powder. Mix it with the onions and mushrooms. Saute for a minute.

Now spread the onion mushroom mixture evenly on the pan.

Pour the beaten eggs on this mixture. The eggs will spread and cover the onion-mushrooms mixture. Help to spread the eggs to cover the onion and mushrooms evenly with a spoon or spatula.

Drizzle more butter or oil on the sides and top.


Lift the base and check if its browned. When it browned, flip the omelette carefully with a spatula.

Let the other side cook. Add more butter or oil if need be.
When this side becomes slightly brown (check by lifting the omelette), then top the omlette with chopped or grated cheese.

Fold the mushroom omelete sideways and cook for 1-2 minutes more or till the the omelette is browned. Flip sideways if required.

Remove from the pan and serve the Mushroom Omlette hot with lightly toasted buttered bread.